Un Millon De Amigos.Net
Empowering Women in EL Salvador by Fundraising at the point of Sale using Bitcoins


* Introduction:

Hermana Eliana Rodriguez is a Brazilean Nun living in El Salvador, she founded
"Refugio Sta Virginia de Bricelli" where they take care of elder and people in extreme
need. She has friends in USA that want to help but is very difficult for them to make the funds
arrive. 

Un Millon de Amigos is designed to enable merchants and supporting people in El Salvador  and USA 
to help fundraising for charities, while managing the collected funds and issuing tax deductable
receipts to donors.

The proposed solution involves using accounts hosted in the Open Bank Project to,
track and accumulated the amount donated and the issuing of tax receipts. 
The merchants accept payments using cash or bitcoins for their stores, and prompt the customers
if they want to donate a small amount (i.e.$1) They add the amount to the bill and after payment
is received, the system issues a donation certificate for the amount donated. 

The donation certificate can be printed in thermal paper, preprinted as business cards, or sent via SMS.
The donors save the accounts in the phone, gets information about the charity and share them with
family and friends. They can load additional funds with Bitcoins. The Accounts are denominated in USD to avoid 
price volatility, but technically can be in bitcoins.

The system includes two Android App, one is the merchant app (Un Millon De Amigos.POS) that issues 
donation certificates, and  the second is the Donors App (Un Millon de Amigos.APP). The system also includes a back end
app that runds BTCPAY for accepting bitcoins and updating the account balances and depositing
the bitcoins in the Charity account.
 


USE CASES:

* Issuing prepaid accounts
The system is hosted in Open Bank System, a new bank named Un Millon de Amigos is created 
and holds the funds of the accounts. When a merchant issues a donation Certificate, it makes a load and
transfer funds from the merchant account to the prepaid account, receiving the payment from the 
customer if they buy the prepaid card, or when their relatives reload the card using Bitcoins.

* Sharing prepaid accounts
The system is designed to enable sharing the prepaid account with family and friends, for example
the parents working in the city can share a copy of the prepaid account to their kids or care takers,
and they can use as payment at the merchant locations. The parent can reload the account remotely
even if the kids have no internet.

* Redeming Donation Certificates for Tax deductible receipts
The Donors use the Donors app to accumulate donations for different charities, and when the amount
is higher than the minimum amount to redeem (i.e. $25) the system sends the donor information to the 
charity with the appropriate transaction references such that they issue the tax receipt. 


* Remittances
The system is designed to enable sharing the prepaid account with relative in USA. Relatives can load
funds using Bitcoins, and the funds are credited in the customer's prepaid accout and deposited in the merchant's
 account. The merchant in El Salvador has the option
to convert to USD using the existing channels. 

* Redeeming prepaid accounts
Customers use the prepaid account at payment by presenting the card in a QR-code format,
since the card is stored in the phone in graphic format, it does not need to have internet available,
and since it can only be used at the merchant location and for a limited amount, the risk of fraud is low.
Merchant enter the amount to pay in their phone and scans the QR-code, it connects to the server
and ask to redeem the payment. The communication between the Merchant and the Open Bank Project system
can be done via internet or via encrypted text message and a gateway.
The funds are moved from the card account to the merchant account, and the sistem issues a receipt.
Optionally the system can send a text message to the customer and merchant as confirmation of the payment.

* Checking Balance
Customers can check the balance from the mobile app or asking the merchant to scan the QR-code and
sending a balance check command.

* Reloading the Prepaid Account.
Customers can reload their account using cash bitcoin or bank cards at the merchant location 
or using Bitcoin from the customer mobile app.

* Reloading with Bitcoins.
Customers use the mobile app to select the prepaid account they want to load and the amount. The system will
open an Bitcoin Invoice and process the payment (Implemented using BTCPAY) and the funds are deposited in the
merchant account. The system receives a notification to transfer funds from the merchant's reference account 
to the customer prepaid account.

* Trasaction Reports.
The POS terminal generates reports offline (at the terminal) or can request to obtain reports from the
server

* Featured Businesses 
The Customer App (Pisto.App) has a list of featured merchant locations such as groceries stores, fast food, gas
station, farmacies and other coorporate locations. 

* Local Businesses
The Customer App (Pisto.App) has an option to scan and save the prepaid account of local businesses, 
and enables to check balance, reload, share.

